test/java/logic/model/TestUsingModel.java
 logic.model.TestUsingModel
communication/messages/BasicMessage.java
 communication.messages.BasicMessage
test/java/communication/messages/events/character/CharacterEventTest.java
 communication.messages.events.character.CharacterEventTest
communication/messages/enums/Role.java
 communication.messages.enums.Role
test/java/logic/gameObjects/MindStoneTest.java
 logic.gameObjects.MindStoneTest
test/java/communication/messages/events/game/GameEventTest.java
 communication.messages.events.game.GameEventTest
test/java/logic/gameObjects/InfinityStoneTest.java
 logic.gameObjects.InfinityStoneTest
test/java/logic/gameObjects/TimeStoneTest.java
 logic.gameObjects.TimeStoneTest
communication/messages/enums/EventType.java
 communication.messages.enums.EventType
communication/messages/events/entity/SpawnEntityEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.entity.SpawnEntityEvent
communication/messages/events/entity/HealedEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.entity.HealedEvent
communication/messages/login/PlayerReady.java
 communication.messages.login.PlayerReady
communication/messages/events/character/ExchangeInfinityStoneEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.character.ExchangeInfinityStoneEvent
communication/messages/requests/ExchangeInfinityStoneRequest.java
 communication.messages.requests.ExchangeInfinityStoneRequest
communication/messages/login/ConfirmSelection.java
 communication.messages.login.ConfirmSelection
communication/messages/login/GeneralAssignment.java
 communication.messages.login.GeneralAssignment
communication/messages/events/character/RangedAttackEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.character.RangedAttackEvent
communication/messages/login/GoodbyeClient.java
 communication.messages.login.GoodbyeClient
test/java/logic/Controller/ControllerTest.java
 logic.Controller.ControllerTest
communication/messages/events/character/UseInfinityStoneEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.character.UseInfinityStoneEvent
test/java/logic/gameObjects/StanLeeTest.java
 logic.gameObjects.StanLeeTest
communication/messages/events/game/PauseStopEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.game.PauseStopEvent
communication/messages/events/notification/Ack.java
 communication.messages.events.notification.Ack
logic/gameObjects/InfinityStone.java
 logic.gameObjects.InfinityStone
communication/messages/objects/ExtractorEntities.java
 communication.messages.objects.ExtractorEntities
 communication.messages.objects.ExtractorEntities$1
communication/messages/events/entity/TakenDamageEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.entity.TakenDamageEvent
test/java/communication/messages/MessageStructureTest.java
 communication.messages.MessageStructureTest
communication/messages/events/entity/ConsumedAPEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.entity.ConsumedAPEvent
communication/messages/events/game/RoundSetupEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.game.RoundSetupEvent
logic/Controller/HandleReturn.java
 logic.Controller.HandleReturn
communication/messages/Message.java
 communication.messages.Message
communication/messages/ExtractorMessageStructure.java
 communication.messages.ExtractorMessageStructure
logic/gameObjects/Position.java
 logic.gameObjects.Position
test/java/logic/gameObjects/RealityStoneTest.java
 logic.gameObjects.RealityStoneTest
logic/gameObjects/MindStone.java
 logic.gameObjects.MindStone
parameter/MatchConfig.java
 parameter.MatchConfig
communication/messages/IDs.java
 communication.messages.IDs
logic/gameObjects/TimeStone.java
 logic.gameObjects.TimeStone
test/java/logic/gameObjects/ThanosTest2.java
 logic.gameObjects.ThanosTest2
test/java/logic/gameObjects/HeroTest.java
 logic.gameObjects.HeroTest
test/java/logic/gameObjects/ThanosTest.java
 logic.gameObjects.ThanosTest
communication/messages/objects/InfinityStone.java
 communication.messages.objects.InfinityStone
communication/ExtractorMessageType.java
 communication.ExtractorMessageType
logic/gameObjects/RealityStone.java
 logic.gameObjects.RealityStone
communication/messages/enums/RequestType.java
 communication.messages.enums.RequestType
communication/messages/events/character/MoveEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.character.MoveEvent
communication/messages/events/game/TurnEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.game.TurnEvent
logic/gameObjects/Placeable.java
 logic.gameObjects.Placeable
logic/model/Model.java
 logic.model.Model
test/java/logic/model/ModelTest.java
 logic.model.ModelTest
communication/messages/events/gamestate/GamestateEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.gamestate.GamestateEvent
communication/Profile.java
 communication.Profile
communication/messages/MessageStructure.java
 communication.messages.MessageStructure
logic/gameObjects/Goose.java
 logic.gameObjects.Goose
test/java/logic/gameObjects/PlaceableTest.java
 logic.gameObjects.PlaceableTest
logic/gameObjects/Rock.java
 logic.gameObjects.Rock
communication/messages/events/entity/ExtractorSpawnEntityEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.entity.ExtractorSpawnEntityEvent
parameter/ScenarioConfig.java
 parameter.ScenarioConfig
test/java/communication/messages/requests/RequestTest.java
 communication.messages.requests.RequestTest
communication/messages/events/entity/DestroyedEntityEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.entity.DestroyedEntityEvent
communication/messages/ExtractorMessage.java
 communication.messages.ExtractorMessage
 communication.messages.ExtractorMessage$1
communication/messages/enums/EntityType.java
 communication.messages.enums.EntityType
communication/messages/requests/PauseStartRequest.java
 communication.messages.requests.PauseStartRequest
parameter/ConfigHero.java
 parameter.ConfigHero
communication/messages/requests/RangedAttackRequest.java
 communication.messages.requests.RangedAttackRequest
logic/gameObjects/Hero.java
 logic.gameObjects.Hero
logic/model/Player.java
 logic.model.Player
communication/messages/login/Reconnect.java
 communication.messages.login.Reconnect
communication/mock/TestClient.java
 communication.mock.TestClient
 communication.mock.TestClient$1
test/java/communication/messages/events/notification/NotificationEventTest.java
 communication.messages.events.notification.NotificationEventTest
communication/messages/requests/PauseStopRequest.java
 communication.messages.requests.PauseStopRequest
communication/messages/events/gamestate/ExtractorGamestateEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.gamestate.ExtractorGamestateEvent
communication/messages/events/notification/Nack.java
 communication.messages.events.notification.Nack
logic/gameObjects/ActionType.java
 logic.gameObjects.ActionType
communication/messages/objects/InGameCharacter.java
 communication.messages.objects.InGameCharacter
test/java/logic/gameObjects/PowerStoneTest.java
 logic.gameObjects.PowerStoneTest
communication/messages/events/game/TimeoutEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.game.TimeoutEvent
logic/gameObjects/Attackable.java
 logic.gameObjects.Attackable
parameter/GrassRockEnum.java
 parameter.GrassRockEnum
communication/messages/objects/Rock.java
 communication.messages.objects.Rock
communication/messages/login/GameStructure.java
 communication.messages.login.GameStructure
test/java/logic/TestUsingController.java
 logic.TestUsingController
logic/gameObjects/Thanos.java
 logic.gameObjects.Thanos
communication/messages/login/HelloServer.java
 communication.messages.login.HelloServer
communication/messages/login/GameAssignment.java
 communication.messages.login.GameAssignment
communication/messages/events/game/TurnTimeoutEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.game.TurnTimeoutEvent
logic/timer/SimpleTimer.java
 logic.timer.SimpleTimer
 logic.timer.SimpleTimer$1
 logic.timer.SimpleTimer$2
communication/messages/enums/EntityID.java
 communication.messages.enums.EntityID
test/java/communication/messages/events/gamestate/GamestateEventTest.java
 communication.messages.events.gamestate.GamestateEventTest
parameter/Configuration.java
 parameter.Configuration
test/java/communication/messages/login/LoginMessagesTest.java
 communication.messages.login.LoginMessagesTest
communication/messages/events/entity/ConsumedMPEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.entity.ConsumedMPEvent
communication/messages/requests/MoveRequest.java
 communication.messages.requests.MoveRequest
communication/messages/requests/Req.java
 communication.messages.requests.Req
test/java/logic/timer/SimpleTimerTest.java
 logic.timer.SimpleTimerTest
 logic.timer.SimpleTimerTest$1
communication/messages/requests/MeleeAttackRequest.java
 communication.messages.requests.MeleeAttackRequest
logic/gameObjects/PowerStone.java
 logic.gameObjects.PowerStone
communication/messages/login/HelloClient.java
 communication.messages.login.HelloClient
communication/messages/requests/EndRoundRequest.java
 communication.messages.requests.EndRoundRequest
test/java/logic/gameObjects/GooseTest.java
 logic.gameObjects.GooseTest
logic/gameObjects/StanLee.java
 logic.gameObjects.StanLee
logic/gameObjects/SpaceStone.java
 logic.gameObjects.SpaceStone
communication/messages/enums/MessageType.java
 communication.messages.enums.MessageType
test/java/communication/messages/events/entity/EntityEventTest.java
 communication.messages.events.entity.EntityEventTest
communication/messages/events/game/DisconnectEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.game.DisconnectEvent
communication/messages/requests/DisconnectRequest.java
 communication.messages.requests.DisconnectRequest
communication/messages/events/game/TimeoutWarningEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.game.TimeoutWarningEvent
communication/messages/requests/UseInfinityStoneRequest.java
 communication.messages.requests.UseInfinityStoneRequest
communication/messages/objects/NPC.java
 communication.messages.objects.NPC
communication/Attachment.java
 communication.Attachment
communication/messages/events/game/WinEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.game.WinEvent
communication/messages/ErrorMessage.java
 communication.messages.ErrorMessage
test/java/logic/gameObjects/RockTest.java
 logic.gameObjects.RockTest
communication/messages/events/game/PauseStartEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.game.PauseStartEvent
test/java/logic/gameObjects/SpaceStoneTest.java
 logic.gameObjects.SpaceStoneTest
test/java/logic/gameObjects/SoulStoneTest.java
 logic.gameObjects.SoulStoneTest
communication/messages/objects/Entities.java
 communication.messages.objects.Entities
test/java/parameter/ConfigurationTest.java
 parameter.ConfigurationTest
logic/gameObjects/SoulStone.java
 logic.gameObjects.SoulStone
communication/messages/login/CharacterSelection.java
 communication.messages.login.CharacterSelection
communication/messages/events/character/MeleeAttackEvent.java
 communication.messages.events.character.MeleeAttackEvent
parameter/CharacterConfig.java
 parameter.CharacterConfig
test/java/communication/LoginTest.java
 communication.LoginTest
communication/NetworkHandler.java
 communication.NetworkHandler
 communication.NetworkHandler$1
 communication.NetworkHandler$2
logic/Controller/Controller.java
 logic.Controller.Controller
 logic.Controller.Controller$1
 logic.Controller.Controller$2
test/java/communication/InGameTest.java
 communication.InGameTest
test/java/communication/ServerTest.java
 communication.ServerTest
test/java/communication/BroadcastTest.java
 communication.BroadcastTest
test/java/communication/ReconnectTest.java
 communication.ReconnectTest
logic/Main.java
 logic.Main
